Fix typos in jenkins docs (#3224)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/partner-solutions/jenkins/index.md

Your Jenkins instance will deploy.

## Install Jenkins from upstream helm chart

> 

Reviewer: Should probably add a prerequisites section here and mention helm v2 or v3? 
We also need to ensure tiller (in case of helm v2) has the right perms to able to install charts into "jenkins" namespace. Should probably refer to https://v2.helm.sh/docs/rbac/.

Author: current chart (version 2.6.4) supports both helm v2 and v3, so updated the docs to reflect that.

        defaultCrumbIssuer:
          enabled: false
          proxyCompatability: false
      prometheus:
        enabled: true
        serviceMonitorNamespace: "kubeaddons"
        serviceMonitorAdditionalLabels:
        app: jenkins

>         release: prometheus-kubeaddons

Reviewer 2: these two labels don't need to be indented?

Author: 🤦 thanks a lot @samvantran !

        --namespace jenkins \
        --name jenkins \
        -f values.yaml \
        --set serviceAccount.create=false \
        --set serviceAccount.name=jenkins \
        --set serviceAccountAgent.name=jenkins \
        --repo https://charts.jenkins.io \
        --version 2.6.4 \
        jenkins
    ```

> 1. If you are using helm v3, then following should work (where `--name` flag is not supported and instead the release name is directly supplied):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If you are using helm v3, install the chart with the following command (note: the `--name` flag is no longer supported and instead the release name is directly supplied):
```

    ```

    This command may take awhile. When it is finished, you should have the `jenkins_home/jobs` folder locally.
  

> 1. Download the `$JENKINS_HOME/nodes` directory to your work station:

Reviewer: Have you tested this?

I dont think this would work. AFAIK, this file is almost always empty in DCOS Jenkins installations because we dont have statically configured agent nodes. Mesos plugin creates dynamic nodes and they don't show up here.

What we need is to copy the config.xml file in "jenkins_home" of DCOS Jenkins, which has config info about MesosCloud. We need to translate that into KubernetesCloud config and update Konvoy Jenkins' config.xml. Alternatively, before even installing Konvoy Jenkins we need to translate MesosCloud info to KubernetesCloud info and set that through values.yaml which is used by helm install.

Reviewer: Note that just copying/migrating jobs and cloud configuration might not be enough. Credentials and other settings need to be copied as well. We should atleast mention the caveats. This is a decent guide about what all is involved in a migration: https://support.cloudbees.com/hc/en-us/articles/216241937-Migration-Guide-CloudBees-Jenkins-Platform-and-CloudBees-Jenkins-Team-

I would recommend to tackle migration section of the doc in a separate PR to avoid prolonging this PR.

Author: Alright, I will follow up with the nodes stuff in a later PR. Thanks.
